I'm here none of your business
Is it okay to shake here?
Welcome you bastard
Roll the Big Dipper for me
Don't talk to Aaron like that, Dad
Why are you talking like this bastard?
I told you.
Don't talk to Aaron like this, Dad
Aaron hurry into the house
Your mother and grandmother are still waiting for you
Aaron is here, sit down
Ah!
What's going on here?
Aaron
You listen to me.
They want harmony.
Dansy Marsh
It's not good for you to keep fighting like this
and
For your grandmother's sake
Then my dad died in vain
All our years of suffering are in vain, right?
Ah Long
It's our Dong army
As long as you forgive us
I will definitely compensate you.
You know now you can't hold it
I told you before.
Wait for my dad today
It's when your Dong family falls
you
Who talks so arrogantly?